yo merciful utopians this is mr. legacy
back at you want to governor tu14
informational video and first of all I'd
like to remind everyone to make sure
it's go follow me on both Twitter and
Instagram which are both at Josh to
youtuber for best chance to know when
I'm playing games inviting fans in to
talk to me and any questions regarding a
tu 14 or any questions in general so
kick start us off this is some minecraft
xbox 360 gameplay which you're currently
watching in the background and this is
of a build which I did a few months ago
for anyone who subscribes me for a while
you will know this is a build I did
quite a while ago and I have video about
that so as I said this is a tu 14
informational video and 4j Studios let
out a new tweet today on twitter under
official Twitter and about the in
regards to the release date from
minecraft tu14 and xbox one and
next-generation consoles so in their
tweet they stated lots of people asking
about tu14 we're busy finalizing the
content and bug fixing a few weeks to go
before it's ready for cert testing so
initial British predictions I should say
and by myself and other youtubers and
who do minecraft videos we initially
predicted the minecraft xbox one and c14
update will be out air lease mid-march
those predictions guys you can just
basically throw them out the window at
this stage it's going to be April before
we see this update and before we see
minecraft for next-generation consoles
when they say a few weeks it could be
two to three weeks before it goes in to
start testing and start testing usually
takes five to ten working days so that
could be two weeks in total before it
actually goes to start testing and gets
an improvement to come on to xbox 360
and the very same can be said about the
minecraft xbox one it will probably be
early to mid April before we seeders and
I know it's very disappointing i myself
was personally hoping we would have in
mid-march i had myself convinced i just
taught that we would have it mid March
but unfortunately we are not getting it
mid-march I suppose there's so much
saying the ball
and the new texture packs and the mashup
packs and hopefully we might be seeing
mod packs and for the minecraft next
generation version so I know they've
learned up late so yeah so April is
probably going to be when we see tu14 so
I hope you guys enjoyed and make sure to
LIKE comment favorite and subscribe
specifically like and comment also as I
said the stars video go follow me on
twitter and instagram both at josh to
youtuber social next time guys I hope
you enjoyed and this be mr. legacy I
will see you all on the dark side